The last time you were on this podcast,
you had this hot take that people were
sleeping on Claude Code. You were so
unbelievably right. The premise of this
episode is we're going to go through
what else you predict will happen.
>> The AI job apocalypse is not really a
thing. I am super super bullish on PMs
and full-stack designers.
>> So, you guys are hiring doubled in
people in the past year, which is not
what people would have expected from a
company that is so AI forward.
>> I'm simultaneously extremely AI pilled
and [music] very bullish on humans.
Automation is a lie. Every agent needs a
human. We have so much automation, so
much AI, and I also work way more.
>> Creativity. It just feels like it's
going to be more and more valuable to
stand out from all the slop that people
are shipping and launching constantly.
>> What models do in general is they make
yesterday's human competence cheap. And
so, it becomes commoditized. It's not
valuable anymore. What humans do is we
go in there and we're like, "Yeah, we
have all this frozen human competence
from yesterday. How do I use this like
make something new and interesting?"
What are some predictions for how the
way we work is going to change?
>> It's going to bifurcate in two main
ways. One is everyone's going to have at
least one agent that they talk to, that
they can offload work to. Second is that
most of the work that you do [music] is
actually going to happen on your
computer in an environment like Codex or
Claude Co-work.
>> What you're predicting here is the SaaS
tools will run within Codex or Claude
Code.
>> I think the SaaS apocalypse is dumb. I
would buy SaaS stocks right now. What
agents do is increase the number of
users of SaaS, not get rid of it.
>> A lot of people are moving to CLI and
trying to work from the terminal.
[music]
>> We speed ran the CLI era. It was nice
while it lasted, but I think CLIs are
over.
Today my guest is Dan Shipper, CEO and
founder of Every. Dan and his team are
building maybe the most AI forward
startup out there. And as a result, are
very much living in the future of how
work is going to look as AI becomes a
bigger and bigger part of our
day-to-day. Everybody at their company,
including every non-technical person,
uses Codex and Co-work and Claude Code
to get much of their work done. And this
is why, way before [music] anybody else,
Dan saw the rise of cloud code and what
is now Cohere, which he predicted almost
a year ago when he was on the podcast
last [music] time. So, I asked Dan to
come back on the podcast to share his
current biggest predictions for how work
is [music] going to change over the
coming year for most people. We chatted
about what work will look like at most
companies at the end of this year, how
the shape of the work we do will change,
and who will do best in this coming
future  what you need to be
working [music] on right now. Hint hint,
product managers and designers are going
to do very well. Dan makes a lot of bold
predictions and many quite contrarian
takes that I was not [music] expecting
him to say, and we are going to revisit
this conversation exactly a year from
today to see how much he got right.
Before we get into it, do not forget
[music] to check out Lenny's Product
Hunt dot com for a free year of the
hottest and most well-crafted AI
products in the world available
exclusively to Lenny's newsletter
subscribers. With that, I bring you Dan
Shipper.
>> [music]
>> Dan, thank you so much for being here
and welcome back to the podcast. Thanks
for having me. Always a pleasure to be
with you. The last time you were on this
podcast, you had this kind of it was
almost like an offhand hot take that
people were sleeping on cloud code and
in particular cloud code for
non-engineering work, for just like
fixing files, sorting your hard drive,
just all these things that people hadn't
thought about. Nobody was talking about
this. This was a year ago.
You were so unbelievably right about
this. It's just like unreal what has
happened since then. They built Cohere,
which was this whole They built on this
very specific idea using cloud code for
non-technical work. A Codex is getting
into this now. I imagine you've been
seeing this. They're like leaning into
this non-technical use of basically
coding agents.
I feel like this has also been a big
part of Anthropic's success over the
past year, just like how do
non-technical people use this stuff?
Uh so, you were just so go on this
stuff. I I I even wrote a newsletter
post building on this idea. I'm like,
"Hey, this is you interesting. I should
dig into this." I asked people, "How do
you use cloud code for non-engineering
work?" And I just had like so many
examples and it's like my second most
popular post.
So, uh clearly you uh you you have a
unique glimpse into where things are
heading. So, the premise of this episode
is we're going to go through uh
what else you predict will happen in the
future, how things will change for
people building products.
And I think it'd be helpful to start
with giving people a brief glimpse into
just how you operate and how your team
operates that gives you this unique lens
into where things are going. So, just
give us a sense of how you how you work.
Thank you. Um I I really appreciate the
introduction. Um
and yeah, I think what one of the things
about predicting the future or or the
way that we
think about predicting the future at
Every is that you what you don't want to
do is prognosticate.
What do you What you want to do instead
is
um
is just live in it together. So,
everybody at Every is an AI early
adopter. We're almost 30 people now. I
think when when we did our interview we
were 15, so we've doubled in size in the
in the last year.
We're all early adopters and we have
engineers, we have designers, we have
writers, we have editors, we have um
sales people, we have customer service
people.
And
everybody has a little bit of that um
whatever that thing is where you're just
like, "Oh, I like to explore. I like to
experiment. I'm very curious and I'm
like super all in on AI."
And what I what that does, I think, is
it creates this like little pocket of
the future where we're all living in it
together and we get to be a little bit
further ahead cuz at any other company
there's like a mix of people. There's
early adopters, there's like there's
sort of like the middle of the pack
people and there's people who are that
like very anti.
And another thing that happens, which is
really cool, is we get to because of our
role um
you know, reviewing models and and being
a little bit of a tastemaker in AI, we
get access to stuff before it comes out.
So,
we get to beta test and alpha test and
kind of help help steer the direction of
where things are going a little bit,
which is very, very cool.
And so, when when I think about
predicting the future,
um it's actually when you create an
environment like that, it's actually
just about um noticing what's going on.
Um and and I think what a core part of
it, too, is writing about it. I think
articulating what you're noticing,
articulating the future, kind of brings
it about in this way that um
uh makes it real for you and your team
and then anybody else who's like on the
internet who's reading it.
And so, the Claude Code thing,
it was this is this very organic thing
where
for us,
um
we tried Claude Code when it came out.
That's sort of our job. We we we try all
the new stuff from all the new all the
new model all we tried all the new stuff
from the model companies.
And at the time it was like a little bit
early. But right around, I think like
Sonnet 3.5 or Sonnet 3.7, we were
testing that to do our vibe check on it.
And we're like, "Holy [__] This is
crazy. This is like really You can They
got rid of the code editor." And so,
from that point on, we just basically we
we run At this point now we run like six
products software products internally.
At that time we ran like maybe two or
three.
And from that point on, we just started
shifting to a a world where everybody
was
No one was looking at the code.
Everybody was
you know, talking to their computer in
English using Claude Code in the
terminal.
And so, I was able to see like, "Ooh,
this is starting to happen."
Um
and then be because my job is a little
bit to just like push and play with
stuff, I was like, "I wonder if I could
use this for like my writing. Like, how
could I do that?" And then it just like
starts to unfold and you're like, "Okay,
this is
not ready yet, but it's obviously useful
for me. You know, my like one of the
things that we talk about internally is
what I call the reach test, which is
like, do you just like, when you wake up
in the morning, do you like reach for it
organically? I love this combination of
uh you're using the latest stuff, and I
think this is, as you said, maybe an
under underrated skill, you're you're
good at uh
being self-aware of here's what's weird
and new and different and interesting.
So, that's a really cool combination,
partly cuz you have to write about it,
and you write about it. So, I think
that's like the perfect recipe for
someone having a sense of where things
are going.
This episode is brought to you by our
season's presenting sponser WorkOS. What
do OpenAI, Anthropic, Cursor, Vercel,
Replit, Sierra, Clay, and hundreds of
other winning companies all have in
common? They are all powered by WorkOS.
[music]
If you're building a product for the
enterprise, you've felt the pain of
integrating single sign-on, SCIM, RBA,
audit logs, and other features required
by large companies. WorkOS turns those
deal blockers into drop-in APIs with a
modern developer platform built
specifically for B2B SaaS. Literally
every startup that I'm an investor in
that starts to expand upmarket [music]
ends up working with WorkOS. And that's
because they are the best. Whether you
are a seed-stage startup trying to land
your first enterprise customer or a
unicorn expanding globally, WorkOS is
the fastest path to becoming
enterprise-ready and unblocking growth.
It's essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit workos.com to get
started or just hit up their Slack,
where they have actual engineers waiting
to answer your questions. WorkOS allows
you to build faster with delightful
APIs, comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to workos.com
to make your app enterprise-ready today.
So, the way that I'm going to structure
this conversation, there's going to be
basically three buckets of predictions.
One is how the way we work is going to
change in the coming years.
Two is how what the shape of the work
we're going to be doing is going to look
like and change. And then three is who
is going to be most successful in this
future / what should you be doing and
working on now to be successful in this
future? Lenny, my only ask is we come on
a year from now and then you score it. I
want to score it.
Okay, so this is a year from now. Okay.
Okay. So, is this let's actually
is [clears throat] this like your
predictions for in a year this is what
it's going to look like or this is like
the emerging future?
>> like I don't I will probably say I don't
have like an exact timeline. I think
most of the stuff that I'm I'm going to
talk about will be pretty apparent
within a year, but it probably it may it
may take longer than that. But I think
it will it should within at least a year
be like
not obviously wrong. Like it it seem it
could it should seem like it's moving in
that direction to count. Okay. May of
2027,
we will review your predictions.
Right. Amazing.
>> Confirmed. Okay, I love this. Okay, so
let's dive in.
What are some predictions for how the
way we work is going to change in the
coming year? One of my favorite
questions because I think if you look at
the benchmarks, you're just looking at
okay, like yeah, AI is going to just
take all of our jobs basically, you
know.
I meter has this really cool benchmark
where it's like it measures how long it
can like the newest models can do tasks
autonomously and it's like oh, it's like
it can it
what's it called? Oh, like mythos
preview the like big anthropic model
that everyone's like so worried about it
can do tasks of 17 hours at 50%
accuracy. It's like holy [__] that's
crazy. And I think it is real. It's true
and and and the the progress like model
progress is
going up exponentially.
And my experience and my feeling is that
we will look back in a year and say
we actually have a lot more work to do.
Humans have a lot more work to do.
Even as models get better at doing work
and there's like a really interesting
paradox there.
And my prediction for the
like how how work will Well, my my big
prediction of how work will change or
how you will be doing work in a year
is it's going to bifurcate in this in
two main ways, how you how you use
agents.
One is you're going to be doing I think
like what we figured you would be doing
like 5 years ago when we thought about
how
work with AI works, which is everyone's
going to have at least in their company
at least one agent
that they talk to that uh can do work,
that they can offload work to. And we'll
talk about like what that looks like,
but it's essentially like Open Claw.
The second is that most of the work that
you do
is actually going to happen on your
computer
in an environment like Codex or Cloud
Co-work that becomes the sort of
operating system for
it becomes the sort of operating system
for how how you do all of your work,
whether that's your email, the documents
you create, like all that kind of stuff.
It's going to be on that kind of a
surface. It's that's becoming the the
clear competitive landscape.
Um so there's I want to go in order of
those two.
Um so the first one is you're going to
have agents you delegate to, probably in
Slack, but you know, anywhere.
First thing that's interesting about
that one
is it's not clear what the architecture
is going to be like for that. Um is
everyone going to have an agent? Uh is
every team going to have an agent? Is it
going to be like just one agent? Is it
like agent specializes? There's this
parallel shadow org chart.
And
when Open Claw first came out, everyone
internally at Every adopted it, and I
was very convinced that
it would be a everyone has their own
agent. And there's like some real really
interesting things about that world
of, you know, a parallel a parallel org
chart. Agents in that world sort of
become little reflections of you, which
is like really cool and really
interesting. It's like if you ever Did
you ever read The Golden Compass?
Um it's like having a little daemon on
your shoulder. You know, it's a little
part of your soul.
Um I I really think like that's sort of
what it looked like was happening.
Um and so I was very into personal
agents. And I have completely flipped.
And I I really think that
uh the the model for now is going to be
a super agent, like one agent for the
entire company. And I you you're
starting to see this in some companies.
So like um Shopify very famously has
one. Uh Ramp has one now. Um and and I
think there's some like really
interesting reasons for that. I actually
still think that the personal agent
thing is coming.
But what we found is there's all this
hype with Open Claw. Everyone's like,
"I'm going to set it up. It's so cool."
or whatever. And then everyone realizes
it's like way too much work. This thing
breaks all the time. I got to like
fumble around with it. I got to be able
to SSH into my server and like blah blah
blah. And most people
to do work at least just don't want to
spend that time or can't. Um
and the the like fundamental underlying
thing that drives that is whether it's
Open Claw or any other harness, in order
for an AI agent to be useful right now,
it really needs a human who cares about
it. It really needs it like a human
personal connection with someone who's
like
watching what it does and make sure that
it's doing the right thing and that it's
useful for people. And the minute you
like sever that connection, so the
minute someone's like, "Ah, like I don't
I don't want to like maintain this like
dumb Open Claw." is the minute the agent
is like not really that useful anymore.
And that's why it I think it has started
to shift to a more uh
one agent per company model because for
now like the the the ideal is uh you you
basically set up a forward deployed
engineer or someone with that sort of
profile who's responsible for making
sure that that agent is working for the
whole company. And then maybe you have
some like some little team agents. Um
and I think as the models get better at
being more independent, that will like
shift down and you will it'll be more
likely that we'll have more personal
agents cuz we don't have to [__] around
with all the internals. But um
the model that I see working for us and
for a lot of other companies, including
the model companies, the model companies
themselves are starting to see this, is
when it comes to the sort of like async
agents, it's really a you know, you have
one agent at the top that's like doing
sometimes it's everything, a lot of
times it's um
a particular kind of job that you've
decided that everyone in the company
needs an agent for like data requests.
And uh and then I think it will start to
it will start at the top at at the top
and then it sort of starts to trickle
down where you make it more specialized
agents and teams and and all that kind
of stuff.
And the mechanism is agents need people
who care about them. That is so
interesting that point about you need to
like garden your agent because there's
context you have to keep adding to it.
There's like it breaks as you said and
it's just like once it's just too much
work, you're like, okay, forget this
thing. I'm going to go back to CodeX or
Cloud or something like that. Exactly.
>> Okay, cool. So this is a cool
opportunity. So the idea that So what
you're predicting here is uh companies
will have this super agent that everyone
can talk to. As you said, a Shopify's
got River, I think it's called. What's
the Ramp one called? I can't remember.
Okay. It's probably got a fun name.
Okay. So uh So that's the prediction.
Okay.
That's that's the first prediction.
>> That's the first prediction.
>> um
we will start with agents at the top
that uh that are more general and are
used by more people in the company and
then it will start to kind of
grow down as the as people get more used
to these use cases, they get more
specialized and um agents become
uh
less
uh uh less fiddly. Like they just work
better. And is this mostly going to be
in Slack, do you predict? For work?
Yeah, it seems to make sense. I think
people I people love having the green
bubbles on Open Claw. Um like it I'm
sorry, the the blue bubbles on Open
Claw. Like if you can use it with your
iPhone, but I think there's this little
thing in people's heads where they
really like to keep their personal and
work agents separate. Mhm. And
um I think there's a whole there's a
whole territory Our our COO Brandon Gall
calls this um computer errands. There's
like a this whole territory of using
personal agents for your computer
errands. It's like
order my groceries or whatever, and it's
like there's so much of that that I
think this is going to it's going to be
huge for, but um I focus we focus mostly
on the work stuff.
Um
and I think that's going to happen
mostly in Slack. Sweet. Go Slack. Should
we Do you want to talk about the uh the
other work surface?
>> Absolutely. Codex co-work. Okay. This is
the last Let's do it. I'm so excited
about this one. I think it's the coolest
thing. So, basically what happened was
Anthropic
realized at some point that
with Claude Code, if you put an agent on
your computer
and it runs on your computer,
it has everything it has access to
everything that you have access to. It
uses the terminal, so it has like
basically superpowered access to it. And
not only that, it really these agents
really understand how to use the
terminal cuz there's so much
content online about about that.
And it it created this like
superpowerful coding paradigm, which is
um you know, Anthropic was really doing
it first. OpenAI for a while was I I I
in my opinion like very very behind on
this, and then in my opinion has
surpassed them recently. It's really
interesting.
Um but they were
very early on this.
Um when people were still thinking about
coding agents or coding models as being
really pair programmers, they were among
the first to be like,
"No." And do it successfully. Like there
were people before them like Devin who
I think had had a big had the big like
cloud environment and and Open AI tried
this too, but um but the the real
adoption seems to have happened when you
uh put it on your computer.
So, they figured that out. And then I
think they figured out um along with
their community
that once you have a coding agent on
your computer that can build anything,
it's actually really good for any kind
of work you want to do.
And people started just hacking Claude
code essentially to do all of their
work. So, Anthropic then built co-work
um which is you know, a little bit of a
nicer wrapping around Claude code, but
it's fun- fundamentally the same thing.
And then I think
you know, I think
Open AI made a couple of different bets,
but
their main bet on a programming agent
was the the the the earlier version of
the Codex were like very technical and
they were like super smart, but they
were like a little bit autistic. Like it
was a little hard to
they they didn't quite get what you
meant. They get ex- they got exactly
what you said.
And I think maybe like three or four
months ago around the time that they
launched uh 5.3, they started to move in
this direction of, "Oh, no, we get it.
Like it's um this model is fast. It's
like really good for general purpose
knowledge work type tasks." And then
they launched the Codex desktop app. And
I think the Codex desktop app takes If
you look at all the lessons that like
Anthropic learned, they went from Claude
code to co-work. And you can kind of see
that in the tabs on the on the Anthropic
desktop app UI.
I think Open AI was just like, "We We
see where this is going. Like let's just
skip to that." And so, I think Codex
right now this is a horse race. Like it
they're going to have different
positions. Um
but I I think Codex right now is my
daily driver. I like spend all all my
time in it basically. I flip the card
every once in a while, but I think
they're getting the paradigm right and
it's clear to me that whoever is in the
lead cuz I again I think it'll change.
Whoever is in the lead, it feels very
obvious to me that all of the work that
you do is going to be in one of those
surfaces where uh for example, when I'm
writing a document Codex has a browser
in uh in the app. It has an in-app
browser. And when I'm writing a
document, I just go into one of my uh
one of my Codex threads which I have one
thread for every project. And I just
open the in-app browser. I go to the
document. I usually do it in Proof which
is this um online mark markdown editor
that I built.
And then I just have Codex running and
watching me in Proof. And Codex can see
what I'm doing. I can see what Codex is
doing. It's all kind of in one place
which is the an extension of the same
thing that made Claude code work really
well originally. And I basically feel
like I have this parallel
work buddy that not only can it like
respond and write in the document, but
then it can go do research. It can go it
can use my computer to basically do
anything that I can do on my computer.
And that's like
incredibly powerful.
Um and I do this with everything. Like
I've been in I've been in inbox zero for
like 10 days straight now which
if you know me is crazy. I'm never like
this. And that's because I literally
just have
Codex
gather all my emails with Cora which is
our email agent. And then um it it
renders a little page uh and I I think I
showed you this at the Anthra- at the
Anthropic event. It renders a little
page and I just like monologue into it
and just talk at each email. I'm like,
"Okay, go go research this. Oh, here's a
question from our lawyers. Can you go
like collect all of the you know,
documents from the last like four years
and then put them into a report and send
them?" And it just does it. And so all
the stuff that I would procrastinate on,
I don't really procrastinate on anymore.
And so I feel like there's this
For a long time, we thought I thought,
too, that the optimal experience of AI
was going to be take AI and put it in a
browser.
And I think the reverse is actually
starting to happen and be like really,
really valuable in a way that I did not
expect, which is
take the AI agent that you use all the
time on your computer and put a browser
in it so it can see everything you're
doing. And that is just like a magical
combination that I think will be is very
uncommon now. You can't even do this in
cloud in cloud code um because they they
don't let you browse external websites
inside of cloud code. So it's very
uncommon now, but I think it will be
super common in a year. This is more
profound than it may even sound. What
I'm hearing is
instead of AI being baked into SaaS
tools, what you're predicting here is uh
you will the SaaS tools will run within
Codex or Claude code.
That That is That is one uh really
important uh second-order effect of this
is um
Okay, so
yeah, like I'm I'm using Proof or or
really any website, maybe PostHog or
whatever.
And I'm doing it inside of my agent. And
the agent has access to the website, so
it has access to everything that I have
access to. And it has access to my whole
computer. When I run the agent on that
website, I'm using my tokens.
I'm not using the the vendor's tokens.
I'm not using the app's tokens. And so
it puts SaaS back in its place where
yeah, you want to make it friendly for
an agent. And everyone's got a CLI now.
Um you want to make the HTML uh really
uh really usable. You want to make sure
that what anything that happens in the
CLI shows up for the user immediately.
All that kind of stuff. There are a lot
of issues to to deal with. But um once
you do that, you actually don't really
need to think about having a an AI
surface that's primarily going to be the
thing that users use in the sense that
you don't need to build an agent
naturally into your product. I think you
can and there's there's another really
interesting bifurcation of this that
that that we should talk about which is
that having two agents is better than
one.
Um but
I think for now there's this really cool
thing where
uh with proof for example,
uh anyone who uses it, I don't pay for
tokens because they're just bringing
they bring their AI to the to proof. And
so it changes what you build as a SaaS
company uh and you build it now for both
humans and agents to use at the same
time and it changes your margins back to
well, I don't really have to pay for
tokens anymore cuz the user is going to
bring AI.
So I think this is a huge deal. So what
you're describing here is
uh more and more work that we do, more
and more professional work is it just
going to happen within
Codex or Cloud Code. Uh how where does
Cursor fit into this? Is that one of the
is is there potential there?
>> That's a good question. I think that
Cursor sees a lot of the same stuff.
And they're and in some ways they have
some of the same stuff but it's better.
Like I think that Cursor's cloud
implementation is better than either it
or when AI's or Anthropic's and is more
advanced.
And
I think that Cursor has at least so far
more distinctly chosen a lane. Like
they're more distinctly choosing to be a
for programmers.
And
that may limit how far they get in here.
Like I think the definition of
programmer is expanding enough that
they'll have a big market, but I don't
know that they're going to jump into
like okay, use this to make a slide deck
or whatever. But it is really clear
that every model company is starting to
realize how important it is to have a
harness to get the most out of the um
the model. And so where the where all
the platforms are moving is to a world
where
you're not just doing prompt and
response when you call the the model at
on on the open AI platform, the
Anthropic platform, you are they are
literally like running the model on a
computer that that is in the cloud that
they run and then giving you the result
out of it. And they know that they in
order to get the best results of the
model they need to offer that and so you
see,
you know, Anthropic's got cloud managed
agents.
Um open AI does not have a have a
response yet, but I assume that that's
going to happen and now Cursor uh was
just essentially acquired by SpaceX.
It's not like a full acquisition, but
it's close. So I think people are
starting to realize like I can't just do
the like model part of it. I have to
have this like
harness above it and I think the
ultimate form of that harness is like I
can do any kind of knowledge work.
Cursor itself is feels like one of the
things that it's going to be a hard
decision for them whether to stay just
for coders or not.
So people building products that aren't
open AI or Anthropic, if this proves to
be true,
the prediction here is they're going to
be using your product
over time inside of
one of these agents.
Uh is there something you would do if
you were one of those companies to
prepare for that future?
I would I would just prepare for that.
So like, you know, for for example, um
every more classic piece of productivity
software, whether it's Slack or
uh Word docs or PowerPoints or whatever,
it's really mostly meant for
a human to use.
Um and now people are doing CLIs, so
it's like meant for
uh an agent to use independently of a
human.
And we're moving into this new paradigm,
I think, where the human and the agent
are on the same piece of work together
and they're both doing things and you
need to have I need to have visibility
into what the agent is doing. The agent
has to have visibility into what I'm
doing. We have to go back and forth in
this sort of like seamless way.
And the kind of software that you make
for that is going to be very different.
So, for example,
um
like there's a lot of stuff that Proof
doesn't have. I don't have to have a lot
of the like Word document kind of like
formatting or page breaks or like, you
know, making tables or whatever cuz the
agent just does it. I don't need to
worry about that. It can do all the
formatting for me.
So, you can make the products a lot
simpler and faster to start than the
legacy products are.
And then there's all these other
affordances that you need to start to
have because the way agents interact
with software is very different. So, for
example,
agents can do a lot at once. They can
just do like a billion different things
to your document or your slide deck or
your code base or whatever. And how you
display that to the user is going to be
very different than the way you might
display a human being concurrent in your
document and doing stuff. You need um
you need like approval. You need a sort
of inbox that sort of summarizes, here's
all the stuff that's going to happen or
has happened. You need um you need logs
and the ability to roll it back real
quick.
So, there's all those kinds of
considerations that um
that change the actual product. And then
the underlying UX of it or the
underlying infrastructure you need is
different, too, because,
you know, agents can make a billion
requests in like 3 seconds. So, how are
you going to deal with that, right? Um
this is exactly why, you know, GitHub is
having problems right now cuz because
the the number of people using GitHub
has is skyrocketing exponentially and
it's really just people's agencies in
GitHub.
So, I I think it's a this whole new
world that is just starting you're just
starting to see like a little peek of
it. But, there's so many cool things
about it. So, for example, in Proof
and some of our other products, too,
uh when someone has a problem, they
don't email support. Their agent
sends a bug report.
And an agent bug report is way better
than a human bug report. Um it has like,
here's exactly what I did, here's the
exact repro steps, here's like Proof is
open source, so here's what I think is
going in the code base. And then we just
get that, it becomes a GitHub issue, and
then we can just like send off an agent
to fix it. And um you can't do that with
everything, but it's so much better.
And you can see the like the glimmers of
this this very fast like closed loop
between I ran into something, a paper
cut, a little feature I want, a little
bug, and my agent just goes off and
talks to the company agent, and then the
company agent just goes and
fixes it. That I think is incredibly
cool.
So, is there a part of this that you a
lot of people are moving to a CLI and
trying to work from the terminal? Is
part of this prediction that people
shift away from that and back to
actually you you acts with agents kind
of running alongside them? CLIs are
over.
Um we we speed ran the CLI uh era. It
was nice while it lasted, but I think
it's pretty it's pretty clear It's not
that CLI Sorry. It's not that CLIs are
going to completely go away. Obviously,
they've been around for the last like 30
years or 40 years or 50 years or
whatever. They will continue to be
around. And I think there is this moment
when cloud code was like so popular and
uh or or when when cloud code was really
starting to gain in popularity, that
people were like the the thing that's
working is the fact that it's a CLI, and
I don't think that's what it is. And
when you move into an actual UI for
this, you start to realize
um we made GUIs for a reason.
And
it's just nicer to be in a GUI. And you
can get all the same benefits inside
inside of a GUI, especially for
non-programmer work, but I would
I would estimate that
definitely the majority of the technical
people inside of every are not using
CLIs anymore as their main work surface.
I think a lot of programmers are still
flipping into it every once in a while,
but it's more or less they're using
Codex, cloud code, cursor, um that kind
of thing. Awesome. Okay. I I I would I
definitely wanted to make that part
clear. So, coming back to kind of the
the big picture of the prediction here,
there's kind of these two modes of work
that you're anticipating. One is this
kind of super agent within a company
that you chat with through Slack most
likely that can go off and do work and
answer questions. And then there's on
your computer running Codex or Cloud
Code.
And within that all the work that you
normally do kind of on your computer is
now going to be living within Codex or
Cloud Code or maybe some third-party
that emerges that we're not not even
aware of yet. Yes, and you're going to
use apps inside of the internal browser
of those
of those tools.
Wow, okay. Like
listening to you talk about it, it's
like it may not feel as profound as it
is cuz this is a big change to how we
work. We don't currently have an AI that
we talk to regularly in Slack and we
also don't work currently mostly in
Codex or Cloud Code. So, this is
actually a pretty massive shift. I think
so.
Is there anything else along these lines
before we get into our next prediction?
Well, a few things. I'm definitely not
an agent maximalist. Like I really think
we're going to have a lot of different
agents that we use. Seems pretty clear
to me.
And I really do think that two agents
are better than one.
So,
what's a good example?
When I have Codex interact with another
agent, it can give so much more context
about me and what I want than I would be
able to type.
And it can go back and forth talking
about things that would take a long time
for me to express directly to an agent
that you get this like speed up effect
when
you assume that your users are you are
using Codex or Cloud Code or Co-work as
their as their basic way they access
your app.
And a really simple example,
we have this um
hosted open claw product which we we had
it we had it on wait list. We actually
had to deposit because we started taking
people off the wait list and open claw
is just a very hard agent harness to to
make work. It's like
it's moving so incredibly fast.
Uh and if you're like a platform for it,
it just it's like it when things break
you can't fix it. It's very hard. Um
but one of the things that we learned in
that process
is if you're let's say you're building
an agent product um or or a new any new
software experience,
what you would assume, let's say to set
up an agent, is you need to build like a
little like web interface or a little um
slack workflow that ask people about,
"Okay, like
who are you and um what are you going to
use this for and like what's your what's
your ideal,
you know, dream outcome?" Or what like
whatever the things you are that you
would put on an on onboarding checklist.
If instead you you just you just make a
hard line of we are only going to
service users
who use Codex or Co-work.
Um what happens is you just paste
something into you just paste a prompt
into Codex or Co-work.
It goes and talks to the app and the app
can be either just a regular server or
it or it can be its own agent.
And Codex has so much information about
you that it can just give it
here's all the stuff I've been working
on with Dan.
Um here's all the ways that you know, he
might he might want to use this app and
then bring it back to me and it's this
very custom experience.
And also for a technical product like an
agent, when something goes wrong,
I can just tell Codex, "Go fix it." And
Codex will go talk to the app and figure
out what's going on for me. And so I
think the whole paradigm starts to
change when you assume that everyone's
got an agent and those agents are
talking to other agents in this like
really magical and important way.
There's a couple more things I want to
touch on before we get started cuz
there's like so much to talk about. Uh
one of you made this point about SAS
tools not using like you can use tokens
from
the uh model companies basically when
using a SAS tool. Talk a bit more about
that cuz that may change the business
model for SAS companies in the future.
That feels like a big deal. Well, I
think it actually
may uh save their margins.
Because right now all the all these
companies are rushing to like add a
agent to their offering
and thinking, "Oh, the agent is going to
be the main way that I that people
interact with me."
And I think that
uh and that costs tokens, obviously. And
I actually think once I have once I have
Codex or Co-work as my main work
surface,
I still want to use SAS. So, this is
another good prediction. I would buy SAS
stocks right now. Um I would I think the
SAS apocalypse is done
and SAS stocks will be up majorly in the
next couple years.
Not Not investment advice, but you know,
I would buy SAS stocks.
Um
So,
uh so I think it saves your margin
because now what you're what the way
that you're thinking that is not I have
to build AI into this. It's It's more
like
I have to make a piece of software that
humans and AI want to collaborate on
together.
And
that's hard, but it's once you build it,
it's a lot cheaper than
assuming everyone's spending tokens.
And um
I it's I think it's a I think it's a
good business. And And part of the
reason I'm so bullish on SAS is A,
everybody internally here is
uh
like I said, we've all got agents and
we're all using Codex and whatever and
we still pay for a ton of SAS and our
SAS spend is up year over year.
And we're not like vibe coding every
single like little thing, you know?
And
I think that what agents do is increase
the number of users of SAS.
Not get rid of it.
And so I think SAS companies are going
to see like an
insane spike in the amount of demand
that they have because there's going to
be tons of agents using these products
at like a very high volume.
And like I said, that's a huge
infrastructure challenge.
There's a There's a lot of like
interesting pricing challenges, but uh
it it it makes me very bullish on SAS.
I love that if anything else comes out
of this conversation, Dan Shipper, SAS
is the future of AI. This
>> [laughter]
>> You to be SAS.
#sendtweet
I
I love just Yeah, this is quite
contrarian and the other interesting
piece is that the fact that you guys are
hiring that you doubled in people in the
past year, which is not what people
would have expected from a company that
is so AI forward. Talk about what your
experience there of just Okay, we still
actually need humans. Automation is a
lie.
Um
in the sense that every time you
automate something, in order to make
sure the automation is working well, you
need a human on top of it like making
sure that it's working well. And so
um you know, I wrote this piece a couple
years ago called the allocation about
the allocation economy like the idea
that the way that humans are going to
work with AI is going to is going to be
like like being a manager.
And
the thing that you have to remember
about managers is like managers actually
spend a lot of time working.
Most managers are not like on the beach.
They're like checking in with their
employees all the time and and and and
trying to figure out Okay, how do we
make this work good? How do we make it
better? How's it doing? How's this
person doing? All that kind of stuff.
And I think there's there's some
differences between being a human
manager and being a model manager, but
um fundamentally it it still requires a
lot of time and attention.
And I think that we kind of miss that in
the model discourse. And one of the
reasons is
benchmarks make it look like AI is more
autonomous than it is.
And by autonomy, I mean something
specific by autonomy, and I'm going to
try to express this. It's like a little
hard to express, but
I learned this for myself
because I've been feeling this paradox a
little bit. I've been feeling the like
we have so much automation, so much AI,
and I also work way more.
>> [snorts]
>> And I think part of the paradox
or part of the paradox started to like
resolve for me a little bit when I made
my own benchmark.
So, I made this senior It's called a the
senior engineer benchmark, and it's
like, "How good is AI versus a human
engineer?"
And the way that I built it
is again, have this app proof. I just
vibe coded it on the side and I like
while running the rest of every.
And when we launched it, because it was
completely vibe coded, it just started
going down and I couldn't fix it. And it
was very embarrassing. I had a lot of
egg on my face. And like the product
worked. We We tested it internally. We
had
a lot of beta testers, but like the day
after launch, it was like
just every like 10 minutes the servers
would go down and people were looking at
me and I'd be like, "I don't know what's
going on." Like, "Codex, fix it." And
Codex was like, "I don't know what's
going on." Um or really Codex was like,
uh "I do know what's what's going on. I
fixed it." And then it it would cause
four other errors, and then you're just
going around in a circle and I wasn't
sleeping, and I I I vibe coded so hard I
got bursitis on my elbow.
So, uh that's a There's a life lesson in
there. Vibe coder elbow.
>> [laughter]
>> Um so, anyway, I got a I got actually
two different senior engineers to fix it
independently.
So, I have two different rewrites of the
code base that um
tells me how they did it, right? And so,
what I get to do is when we get new
models
I just give the new model a prompt. I
say like,
"This is vibe coded slop. If you wanted
to rewrite it from first principles, how
would you write it? Go do it.
And
all the models until GPT 5.5 got like a
30 out of 100.
And senior like a human senior engineer
gets like
high 80s, low 90s out of 100.
So, there's a lot to go. And then I
tried GPT 5.5 and it got like a 62.
And mind you, the 60 the 60 score was
um GPT 5.5 using an Opus 4.7 plan. Opus
4.7 plans are very good. GPT 5.5 is the
only model though that has the
sense of agency and confidence to just
like rip out old code and just like
actually rewrite from first principles.
Other coding models, they kind of like
try they like end up papering over the
edges around the edges and they're like,
"Oh, this is a big job. Like I'll just
do a little patch." And you're like,
"No, I like specifically told you not
to."
So, GPT 5.5 there's like a 30-point bump
in the score. 60 out of 100. It's like
very it's very clear that in
a year or less, it's going to be senior
engineer level, right? And that gives
you a certain picture in your mind,
especially based on how I named the
benchmark, which I think a lot of
benchmarks do.
And I can tell you that when we get to
that point, I will be very it will be
very easy for me to change the benchmark
to zero out the current model.
So, that gets a zero out of 100.
And so, for example,
uh it seems like there's no skill or no
thought into the prompt, which is this
is vibe code is slop like fix it from
first principles, but actually it took
me a a while to get to a prompt that
didn't give away the answer,
but uh
uh but got the model to reveal
what it's capable of.
And the original prompt I gave it was
the original prompt that I gave it when
uh
when I was trying to fix the issue in
production was going down, which is like
I'd woken up I'd I'd woken up in the
morning
and I was like,
"Okay, we had four or five reported
issues yesterday. I want you to go
through all the issues and then come to
like a
make a plan for how to resolve all of
them
and go do it, right?" And every coding
model on the market, and I I am I'm
pretty sure this Here's a prediction.
I'm pretty sure every coding model on
the market will still do this in a year.
Every coding model on the market will
take that instruction seriously. And if
I tell it, "Here's a bunch of issues, go
fix it."
They will just go try to fix the issues.
What a actual human senior engineer does
is they go look at the code base and
they're like, "This is a piece of [__]
This guy doesn't know what he's doing."
>> [laughter]
>> And then then they say, "We're going to
have to like actually rewrite a lot of
this and it's going to be hard and
risky. I know you don't want to hear
that, but like we're going to have to do
that."
And if you asked the model, "Hey, like
should we do that?" It'll it'll probably
it it'll probably get there, but it's
not going to do it on its own.
Um and it and there's a lot of
incentives pushing against it doing
that. And even if it does that, there's
a there's always a higher frame for us
to go.
And so I think it's it's really
important uh when when we think about
benchmark progress to
think about it from that perspective,
which is benchmarks rise on problems
that we've framed that we can
articulate, that we can score.
And there's a lot of work that's human
work that uh it it can't be scored until
you write it down, but the act of
thinking to prompt it or write it down
um
is uh
is something that you can't measure, but
like kind of means that even if the
benchmarks get saturated, it doesn't
mean the same thing as we you totally
replace all senior engineers. And it's I
think it's why
even though the models are getting
better at automation,
I still hire engineers.
I am so excited to tell you about this
season's supporting sponsor, Vanta.
Vanta helps over 15,000 companies like
Cursor, Ramp, Duolingo, Snowflake, and
Atlassian earn and prove trust with
their customers. Teams are building and
shipping products faster than ever
thanks to AI. But as a result, the
amount of risk being introduced into
your product and your business is higher
than it's ever been. Every security
leader that I talked to is feeling the
increasing weight of protecting their
organization, their business, and not to
mention their customer data. Because
things are moving so fast, they are
constantly reacting, having to guess at
priorities, and having to make do
without dated solutions. Vanta automates
compliance and risk management with over
35 security and privacy frameworks,
including SOC 2, ISO 27001, and HIPAA.
This helps companies get compliant fast
and stay compliant. More than ever
before, trust has the power to make or
break your business. Learn more at
vanta.com/lenny.
And as a listener of this podcast, you
get $1,000 off Vanta. That's
vanta.com/lenny.
One thing I mentioned recently on the
podcast, I heard that speaking of the
code that you have of like humans
writing code uh data labeling companies
are buying code that was written before
2021, 2022, before AI became a thing is
like very valuable data.
>> Original human code. Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly right. And it's so
interesting that that's exactly the kind
of code used to build this model. Well,
what's interesting? So, I want to I want
to clarify there. So, I did not have a
human
write the code all by hand. Because I
actually think that that's sort of it
feels silly to me.
Like, I don't really care because I know
if if an engineer is not using AI, like
I'm not going to work with them. I don't
really care. It's like it's sort of like
am I going to race
a human against a car? Like, I probably
wouldn't do that. But, um I would race a
human in a car versus another human in a
car and say which one's better.
And in this case, what the the way the
benchmark is structured is yeah, like
these human engineers used AI, but they
used it in a way that I could not cuz I
didn't understand it and I didn't have
time and I didn't really want to like go
in and try to understand the code base,
to be honest.
And I think that's a really important
thing when we think about benchmarks is
AI is a broadly distributed technology
that any human can use and when we are
benchmarking against humans, AI against
humans, we're actually really always
talking about one human using AI versus
another human using AI cuz AI doesn't
use itself.
It it may be able to in this like
slightly somewhat recursive way, but
there's
in any real use case, there's always a
human like pretty close to it making
sure that it's working.
Okay, I'm going to try to wrap up our
first bucket. There's so much to talk
about. I've made a little list of things
that I think people
should do based on your predictions to
be successful. We'll talk about this at
the end, too, but just a few things.
One is start using Codex or cloud code
more and more for the work you're doing
and especially the browser, use tools
inside of it.
Two is allow your allow agents to be to
use your products. If you're really
going to SAS tool, make it easy for
agents to be a
user, essentially.
Three is start thinking about some Slack
bot that you can work with, like try out
tools. Like I know Slack has their own
Slack bot that I think is really good,
too, and I haven't played with it, but
people really like it. So, look for I
guess a tool that could become the AI
agent within your company.
Buy SAS stock ASAP.
>> [laughter]
>> Not investment advice.
I think that's totally right. I will
like my slight tweak is when you're
thinking about
building your software for agents, the
current model is I'm building a CLI that
an agent uses, but they're using it in a
sort of like they're being
I delegated a task to the agent and the
agent's using the CLI.
And what we what where I think it's
going is you and the agent are using the
app together. The agent's probably using
the CLI, but you're using the web
interface and they're they both need to
be in sync.
And that is I think a new challenge
that's really interesting.
Awesome. Anything else before we get to
our next uh category? Bisas.
That's the title.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, man. Okay. So, the second uh
category of predictions is around just
the shape of the work that we're going
to be doing is going to change.
Uh what do you predict? There's all this
interesting stuff in terms of in terms
of the shape of work. Like once you're
in this land where you've got, you know,
these you've got async uh
async agents off that you delegate work
to then you've got your like Codex cloud
code like work surface that that starts
to happen. So,
one thing that we see a lot internally
and you also see this in the big model
companies
is the number of pull requests that you
get is like skyrockets.
You know, we have people, you know, in
consulting or in ops roles or whatever
who are or or editors just like making
pull requests. Um
and hey, that's really cool and it's a
very different shape of work where you
should you can expect
that a higher percentage of your company
or your users are going to be doing
things that previously only technical
users could do.
And what that does is it creates all
this pressure on the other end for the
people who have to deal with
all of the new code for how to deal with
that.
And so, I think there's a lot of there's
a lot of interesting things that happen
with that. Like so, for example,
um
uh
like open claw, I mentioned that
earlier. Pete
gets like thousands of pull requests a
day on open claw and then he has like
and then he just spins up like 50,000
Codex instances and then sorts through
them and then merges like a thousand of
them.
It's really crazy. I actually think that
that's going to be more and more common.
Um
there's like
it brings up a lot of really interesting
questions around
um which
pull request should you merge?
And
you know, when you whenever you add
capacity in one part of your
process, like it breaks things. Um it
used to be really hard to build things,
and now it's very easy. So,
the the point is not, can we build it?
It's like, would it make sense with the
rest of what we've built? And how do we
keep a like sense of a coherent whole?
And also, what do we delete? I think
Entropic does this really well. Like
they
they delete a lot of stuff from Cloud
Code to make sure that's not bloated.
So, I I think there's a there's a lot of
that going to happen. On one side,
there's a lot of um non-technical people
can do technical work, and then
technical people are in charge of making
sure that that work gets into a product
or into a process in a cohesive,
coherent way. And also, their product
people are going to be doing that, too.
And I think that's
that's quite cool. Something I'm hearing
from people is that now that everyone
can do everything, like engineers can
design, PMs can code, marketing people
can ship stuff.
There's just this like confusion about
what the hell is my job anymore. Yeah.
What am I responsible for, exactly?
Like, am I supposed to be shipping
stuff? Am I still a marketing person?
And it's just creating a lot of
confusion and certainty in the world. I
think I think that's for real, and one
of the things that I think is special
about every is everyone is sort of a
generalist and really loves like having
their fingers in a lot of different
pots, or whatever the metaphor is. I
think that'll probably settle down at
some point, and it'll feel more normal.
Like, marketing people are still going
to do marketing, even if they're
touching the website. Like, that's just
part of marketing now.
But I also think that you can get a lot
further being a generalist now, and
that's like really cool, especially for
for smaller companies.
The The other thing that I think is
interesting is there are definitely some
new job roles that are a thing.
And the thing that is becoming really
clear
is the whole forward deployed engineer
concept I think is for real.
And it comes out of
every agent needs a human.
Uh even like you go to the big model
companies, they have they they have
these agents that run internally. They
have like teams of people that run these
agents, you know? And I I don't think
those teams are going away.
The models are going to get more
powerful, the agents are going to get
more powerful, and the number of agents
is going to grow, but people are still
going to manage them.
And so that looks like a very specific
kind of person.
And
you know, we have a couple of those
people internally here, and it's like
the the people who are in charge of
making sure your agents are working and
doing the right thing. We also do
consulting, so we we we lend that out to
people, and and I think that's a big um
that's a big thing that that people
want, and
it's another one of those places where
you're like, "Hmm,
automation was supposed to take away
jobs, but it looks like it just created
one or many."
>> [laughter]
>> You know, um
and there's a specific type of engineer
that really loves, you know, Nitesh,
who's one of our
uh
who who fits this. He's an AI engineer
and he he fits the sort of forward
deployed um category, and he's on our
team.
He spends most of his time actually
talking to one of our agents in Slack.
We have an agent internally called
Claudie, which runs our whole consulting
practice.
And
and he spends a lot of time in Slack.
Like there's there is code,
and he is using Claud code and other
things like that, but a lot of it is
just talking to it and being like, "Why
did you do this dumb thing? Like let's
let's fix that, you know?"
Um and so there's certain kinds of
engineers that I think love that and
love having their hands on the latest
thing, and also love making this like
being that's like in in the works in a
work space and it looks a bit different
than
more traditional building more
traditional software.
And your sense there is we're not going
to
we're not near a place where these
agents don't need a human. You said that
so many times now that agents need a
human and there's kind of like the setup
part and then there's the maintaining it
forever part. It feels like both are
important. Is what I'm hearing like this
is going to be a job for a long time. AI
is not going to get smart enough to just
automate it you fully automate for a
while. Yes, I'm simultaneously extremely
AI filled extremely and very bullish on
humans and the role of humans in making
sure that AI is working well.
Interesting.
Okay, so the two kind of buckets here
that you're talking about one is
like the way I think I hear what you
described earlier is this the pace of
shipping software and everything is just
increasing which also means
there's so much more work reviewing all
this sloppy output. I was just talking
to a data science friend and he was
saying how his team is just as data
science team is just their job used to
be do analysis, answer questions, see if
this experiment was a good was a was
positive. Now it's just everyone's doing
that and they're sharing the results and
they're and they're like no this is not
correct and most of their job is now
reviewing bad data science work. Which
is a problem and it means that and the
same thing is happening with engineers
and it means that you need more like you
actually need data engineers for this
and you need data scientists and it
means that you haven't set up the
appropriate systems or agents to help
you with this. So like the way that it
works inside of the big mono companies
for example like at least one of them
has
literally a data science bot that every
single person in the org can query that
is hooked up to their data warehouse
that knows who's who so that it knows at
the warehouse level like who has
permission to access what.
And so all of the basic questions
because they're there's a team that sets
up this bot. All of the basic questions
that people might want to ask that it
sometimes gets that might get wrong that
they're constantly making sure it's
getting it right. And so the data
science team doesn't have to answer all
of the like [__] questions because
there's another team building an agent
that that that is set up to do that
really well.
But if the team didn't exist the data
scientist would hate their lives. Yeah.
It does though make the job maybe less
fun cuz you're just sitting there you
know gardening people's sloppy work
versus
>> what I think is like it it can actually
make the job better because for the data
scientist you're now not dealing with
all the silly requests. You're dealing
with the deep the deeper questions that
are harder for the the team who's
dealing with all the basic requests and
building an agent to do that.
It's it's like filtering all that stuff
out so you can focus. Here's a question
I've been thinking about. I was not
planning to talk about this but it's
something that I've been thinking about.
So the question is which product tech
role is the least changed now. So like
engineers 100% of code AI now. It's like
a completely different job.
Product management a lot of the you know
PRDs are you don't have to write as
much. You can ship code. You don't have
to wait for people. Design the whole
design process dead according to recent
guests just like there's no time to do
the whole design process very different
role. Data science very different work
now.
There's marketing there's sales. So
here's the question. What do you think
is the least fundamentally changed role
so far? Well one interesting thing is
you know
I don't know if this counts but like
CEOs and investors it seems still very
very optional whether or not they use
this stuff. Mhm. It seems that way. I I
I think the opposite is actually true.
Like my experience we do a lot of this
with senior executives and senior
leadership teams. My experience is that
your company's only going to go as far
as your CEO goes in AI and it's not
something you can delegate. You have to
have your hands in it cuz you don't
otherwise you don't have an intuition
for it. But for a long time it has
seemed like yeah, that's something that
the people who are doing the work have
to do but like I don't have to do that.
Like I'll just tell them what to do.
And
And so I think if you're a CEO, you kind
of can get away with your day looking
very similar.
I I think that will change rapidly at
some point where it'll be like oh no,
I'm like way behind but for now because
or maybe even middle managers, like
those kinds of people I think are are
it's fairly similar.
I think like
maybe sales because it's so so
impersonal.
>> that's yeah, that's my vote. You know,
there it's sort of creeping up in the
kind of BDR like we can deal with a lot
of, you know, BDR type of type queries.
You're only talking to like people who
actually want it. And you can do it for
sales it's like it's so useful to
to
like do research. Like my favorite
codex, like one of my favorite codex
experiences is
we're hiring a head of L&D.
And
I you know, we always put out a job post
whatever but I was like I feel like
there's this company called General
Assembly in New York and they do like
they've done really good technology
education for a long time. And so I was
like I feel like someone who is into
who who who worked at General Assembly
and is now into AI would be really good
and I just like literally typed it into
codex and then like went off and was
doing something else and I came back
and it found like this the perfect guy.
It was like worked at General Assembly,
was an instructor
like is super AI pilled and follows me
on Twitter.
So I just DM'd him and then I had dinner
with him. And it's like that's crazy.
You know, that would have taken so long
before.
And
super valuable for sales, for
recruiting, all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, sales is where my mind went. Like
the top of funnel AI is helping a lot
with sourcing and qualifying things like
that. It feels like the the work of a
salesperson is not fundamentally
different. Yeah.
>> And
customer support has fundamentally
changed. So that's interesting sales. So
far so good for the for those folks.
Yeah.
Okay. So maybe just summarizing some of
the predictions in this bucket of just
like the shape of the work, how it's
going to change. What I'm hearing so far
is it's going to be a lot more reviewing
of other people's output as a part of
the work.
And then two, there's going to be a lot
of like almost babysitting of AI agents
to make them do the thing you want them
to do for deploying and then just
gardening them along the way, make sure
they continue to do their work.
Um anything else before we get into our
third bucket? I would sort of split it
into
less babysitting agents and more
your forward deployed team is trying to
build a whole system that makes it so
that people who have less knowledge can
use that system without like doing
something dumb.
And that's like a really interesting
engineering challenge.
I think babysitting kind of makes it
feel like it's
yeah, you're just kind of like, you
know, waiting for it to [__] up and then
fixing it or whatever. And you can you
can that can be the case, but I think a
lot of it is just extremely interesting
engineering challenge of
building a system for to enable
everybody else in the organization to do
what used to be a technical job. And
then if you're not one of those people,
like you're the data scientist or
whatever, you can go a lot deeper with
AI into like really important questions
that eventually probably filter into the
work that the, you know, the forward
deployed engineering team is doing, but
is like more generative and more new and
and and you're you're dealing with
harder questions.
One other one last thing that I think is
really interesting
is I think that we will be reading way
more AI generated writing in documents
and emails and we will like it.
And I think we're we will already we are
already doing this
in coding where we read plan documents.
Like I don't want an engineer to
handwrite a plan document. That would be
very silly. It would be It would be
obviously silly.
Um
and I think the same is true, you know,
when we did our our
uh quarterly planning for every at the
end of 2025 we did it all with Notion
agents. And we just had a bunch of
Notion agents and or we had really one
Notion agent and then we had a top-level
company strategy
and then we had
everybody in the company just um
talked to an agent and it asked them
about what happened last year, how did
it go, what were your goals, what what
do you want to do this year, what are
your metrics, it pushed back, and then
it was like, how does it How does this
relate to the overall company idea? Like
all that kind of stuff. And then I got I
got these like incredibly good
AI generated
like strategy reports or or plan like
quarterly plans or for each part of each
team. And then I could go in and be
like, okay, who needs to Who's like Who
needs to talk to each other? Like which
teams need to talk to each other that
like don't know they need to talk to
each other? Um
and uh you know, who's Which one of
these is like like actually low quality
or which one of these is high quality?
Like all that kind of stuff makes it it
makes it a lot easier to process.
Um and I see that all the time now. Like
I I I consistently get AI generated
stuff and there is a difference between
an AI generated document that's slop and
not.
And the slop one
is it took them less time to make it
than it takes me to read it.
And they don't stand behind every line.
So my expectation is, if you send me an
AI generated document, I think that's
great. And
if we talk about it and it's clear you
have no idea what's in it, like big
no-no. Not allowed to do that.
Um and I I think we this
this aversion to AI-generated stuff that
will go away because
the kind of strategy document that
GPT-5.5 can write when it's directed
well by
someone on my team is way better than
like them just like dinking and dunking
like like their fingers on the keyboard.
Right. Like most people are really bad
at writing strategy documents. So, the
bar is low. Yeah.
And
and same thing with email. Like I most
of my email is written by GPT-5.5 and
Codex right now. And I would I honestly
would prefer it to say that it's coming
from GPT-5.5 and I may change it to do
that. But I had this I had this
experience the other day where I had
this I had to send an email to
um to one of our investors and
I asked Codex like go do it and you like
Codex knows to ask me and it usually
does, but this time
it didn't.
And it just sent the email.
And I didn't look at it at all. And I
was like, [__] And so, I went to my
sent and looked at it and I was like,
oh, this is exactly what I would have
sent. And so, it's like it's pretty
close to to that a lot of the time. Um
it can be like a little over formal and
there's a couple things that that it's
just when you really think about it,
most of your email is kind of
it's not
it's kind of wrote. It's kind of
prosaic. It's kind of
I I definitely want to be the one to
think about what it should say, like
what what it should say, but the actual
sentences don't matter that much to me
usually. Sometimes they do a lot. And
this is coming from a writer. Like I
care a ton about writing. I think that
human writing is incredibly important.
And I expect we only publish human
writing. Well, actually, we publish a
mix of human and AI writing, but we
always label it. Um sometimes it's nice
to have an AI co-author on certain
things. Um
I absolutely think that uh human writing
is important and
I think that the the the reaction or the
aversion to AI writing is silly. It's
such an interesting lens on that because
when people think about AI writing, I
think about social media and videos. And
your point is internally, if you're just
like working on planning and documents
and email and things like that, like
that is much less scary that it's AI
written. And to your to your point,
people are already doing this. You
almost prefer it a lot of times cuz
people are really bad Totally. We have
this too for external stuff. Like we
publish all these guides and the guides
are often agent they're agent assisted
and the agent is a co-author
and they're intended to be read both by
humans and by agents. And that's because
like, if you're writing a huge
informational thing, I mean, you do this
all the time.
Um,
in order to like really apply it, the
best way to do that is just like have
your agent ingest it and
remember the next time I'm, you know,
doing pricing to like remind me of this
guide and we'll go through it together
or whatever.
It allows you to operationalize
uh, the ideas much better and it allows
you to go much deeper because agents can
read like 10,000 pages in like a second.
And so you you can you talk to the human
about the story and the stuff that
matters and the core ideas and the agent
has all the details that it can then
apply for you when you need it.
Awesome.
Anything else in this category before we
get into our final category? No.
Okay, let's do it. So, the final bucket
is just who will be successful in this
AI future that we are approaching
what should people be working on
to be successful in this next year or
two?
I am super super bullish on PMs.
And I know that your audience will
probably love that.
Um, but
my
anecdotal case that has convinced me of
this is we have this guy internally his
name is Marcus and he runs Spiral, which
is our writing app.
Marcus is a PM by training.
He He previously ran
Axios Axios's writing product and was it
was a PM and had a big team and it got
to, you know, tens of millions in of
revenue and ARR.
And
he took a year off that job and just got
super AI pilled.
And just learned how to use cursor
basically really well. Now, I think he
uses cloud code, but he was extremely
cursor pilled for a long time.
And he's I would call him like lightly
technical.
Um like knows what a database migration
is. Like if he has to look at the code,
I think he can understand it, but he's
like I we never could have hired him to
do this job
even a year ago.
But the coding models have gotten good
enough that he can pair the kind of the
technical knowledge he does have
with his really spiky product sense and
sense for writing and sense for users.
And it's like it's so dangerous. Like he
ships faster than almost anyone on the
team and he has such a eye for
every single user, every single
conversation, like what does it mean and
how do we collect it into a story about
like where we want to go next and what
are the issues we need to fix and like
all that kind of stuff. And I think that
he feels liberated cuz he doesn't have
to organize a whole team of people to do
that. He can just do it. And it's super
impressive and it makes me very, very
bullish on any PM who gets like really
AI pilled. Music to my ears, Dan. You're
making a lot of very happy listeners
here.
I've been saying this for a long time,
too. It's just like the skills you need
to build are the things like the
building out is done for you. What do
you need to be good at? Figuring out
what to build, figuring out if it's
great, figuring out what problems to
solve.
So, I love that you're actually seeing
this come to fruition. I I I really
believe it.
>> This could be the highest rated podcast
episode of my whole podcast. There is
going to be like
>> [laughter]
>> Hell yeah. It's going to be okay. Stats
is Stas is back, PMs are back, you know.
This is the most contrarian episode I've
ever done.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh my god.
So, okay, so the other the other people
that I think are going to be like super
super power people and I again I this is
cuz we see this internally is full stack
designers.
If you're a designer
and you're in these tools all the time,
you're so used to um okay, I make this
beautiful interaction and the engineer
like just doesn't want to do it or it
doesn't like happen the way I think it
should happen or you know, there's all
this stuff and I see so many designers
for us internally or externally where
they now feel so empowered to like go
build stuff cuz they're like I have all
these ideas to make things look amazing
and these interesting interactions and
that's the exact thing that it's really
hard to do with live coding because it
just all looks the same so it all looks
like slop and they can make stuff that
looks so different and now they can
actually build it. And what you see when
we work with them internally is now
they're just like
they're just making pull pull requests.
Like they don't
they don't need to hand it off as much.
Sometimes they do but like a lot of
times they just make pull requests and
it's like the thing is built and that's
it and
I think that's incredible for the way
that companies work but it's also
there's a huge opportunity for those
people to become much better and like
start their own thing cuz they can they
can make stuff now and I think
designers are such creative people and I
think AI is like a super tool for anyone
like that.
I so agree. Even though there is cloud
design, there's all these AI designing
tools, like once you see it, you're like
that's definitely cloud design. And
they're like the creativity to your
point is it just feels like it's going
to be more and more valuable to do
to stand out from all the slop that
people are shipping and launching all
constantly. So, I completely agree. It's
It's interesting that designer roles I
do I do research on the job market and
interestingly designer roles have not
grown in a while. So, I'm waiting to see
if that becomes a big trend just like we
need more designers. Hm, that is really
interesting. We'll see.
>> Yeah.
We'll see. We'll see. That that might be
a way to predict this is are people
hiring more designers? I don't know.
That is interesting. Yeah.
All right.
Uh so, that's so PM designer thriving.
PM designer thriving.
Um I also just think generally the AI
job apocalypse is not really a thing.
Absolutely, we see companies starting to
reorganize and I think that makes a lot
of sense.
I I think to be honest a lot a lot of
the reorganization you can say it's AI,
but it's like we over hired and like the
company's not doing as well and all that
kind of it was like coming and this is a
good excuse.
But the like mass unemployment thing I
think that like some AI CEOs are talking
about like I think that's not going to
happen.
The the pattern that I see so far and
again, I don't have a total crystal
ball, but I
I do feel like we've seen enough of the
new model drops to like have some sense
of how this is going is that
what a new model drop does or what
models do in general is they make
yesterday's human competence cheap. So,
what I mean by that
is they ingest all this data of what
what has happened already and they make
it really cheap to deploy that in in
whatever situation you want as your as
your own, right?
Um
and what happens then
is every this is a new this is a new
power that everyone has. So, it gets
adopted super rapidly and it's and
suddenly that stuff is everywhere. It's
like suddenly anyone can make a landing
page, there's new landing pages
everywhere. Suddenly everyone can write,
there's like slop tweets everywhere.
But what's interesting is because
it's
all from because it's all coming from
these models and everyone's using
basically the same models,
uh
it all looks the same if you use it in
the in the most default basic way.
And so, that's
it becomes commoditized. Like it's not
valuable anymore. And what humans do is
we sort of go in there and we're like,
"Yeah, we have all this like frozen
human competence from yesterday.
How do I use this like make something
new and interesting?"
And
I really think that structurally,
because of the way the models work,
because of the financial incentives of
model of model companies to like make
them um
uh compliant and aligned, structurally,
there are always going to be trailing
behind those people who are taking
taking the models and using them to make
new expertise or or make new things that
haven't been done that way before for
their very very particular situation.
And that stuff is going to get
incorporated into the models, but again,
it will create room for people to um to
push further ahead. And I think that you
see this in a small way in like pretty
much all the jobs is like
engineers. Suddenly, everyone's an
engineer. That doesn't mean we fire the
engineers. There's like way more demand
for engineers cuz you need the engineers
to like figure out, "Okay, this is all
slop. How does this actually How should
this actually go in our code base?"
And I think that's something that the
benchmarks rising don't doesn't really
capture. And uh it feels like a thing
that will take a long time to change.
People may be hearing in this uh
prediction here of just, "Okay, the job
apocalypse is not going to People are
not going to be all fired. There's going
to be human jobs remaining for quite a
while." It may be almost too comforting
because you may you probably have to
change the way you operate to still have
a job in the future. Do you have any
sense of just like, "Here's what you
need to do to not be one of these
layoffs?" Yes. And I think that is
actually super important. Um
the only thing you need to do is ride
the models.
And that means use them for whatever it
is that you do.
You know, we've talked about how Codex
and Co-work are becoming the a of
standard operating system for work. If
you're just doing that and when new
models come out, you're trying them and
figuring out, okay, how can I now
they're new powers, how can I use them
instead of just being like, I'm going to
like try to ignore it cuz it like makes
me afraid, which I think is honestly
it's rational, it's a reasonable
response. And also uh if you ride on top
of them, they ex- extend your powers in
a way that doesn't leave you behind.
Like you you're you're you're part of
the future and part of the way work
happens and I think that uh we're going
to need people doing that for a very,
very long time.
I like this term ride the model. So, the
what's like saying you all comes out,
what do you think someone say working at
I don't know, Salesforce. Say a PM at
Salesforce, what should they do to ride
the model? Well, one of the things
that's really interesting is a lot of
companies like handicap their employees
from even doing this because like I
don't know what model I don't know if
you can use the latest models at
Salesforce, you know, like a lot of
times you have to wait or it's, you
know, whatever. So,
maybe you have to do it on your in your
off time. But, the thing that I really
like to do with new models is play.
And there there are there are certain
things where
I know it can't quite do it yet, but
when a new model comes out, I like
always turn the rock over again to be
like,
can it do it now? You know, um
so, it you know, it could not do the
senior engineer benchmark last time and
I turned it over turned the rock over
again and now it's out of 60 out of 100,
which is like really good. Um
so,
the way to ride the models is like not
one specific thing cuz they're always
changing, but it is to be curious and
playful, to apply the model the new
model to whatever it is that you care
about, whether that's your job or
something outside of your job
and to keep turning over rocks uh
because it may not work now, but it may
work eventually, it probably will work
eventually and
the way that you use it matters. So,
what's really cool is that
I think people think of the edge of AI
as being in San Francisco.
And I actually don't think that that's
where it is. I think the edge of AI is
wherever AI meets like a real human
doing something.
Because the people in San Francisco,
they're making it, but they don't
actually know a lot about how to use it.
They don't know or at least they don't
know everything about how to use it.
They need to see how other people use
it. And so you whenever new model comes
out, you get to be
one of the first person one of the first
people in the world to discover what it
might be useful for. And like that's
it's like a new discovery. And I think
that's why, for example, we're in
we're in Brooklyn. But I I really think
of us and I think we are like quite far
ahead of people in San Francisco because
we just use them for everything. And um
if people
uh
if people do that consistently, I think
it's going to be very hard to lose.
That is one of the
amaze most amazing things about AI right
now is
no matter how much money you have or
little money you have, you have access
to the most advanced AI model. Like it's
not free, so you need some money.
Uh
uh but like and you can get it
immediately when it comes out. Maybe the
only people that have an advantage are
the people working at OpenAI or
Anthropic.
Um but otherwise, it's just like
available. I know I was at I was at uh
their event with you their code event
with you last week and um or a couple
weeks ago and they're they're like all
using mythos and I'm like, "God damn
it."
So annoying. [laughter]
But I I think that's totally true. Like
that is if IBM had invented AI, you can
bet it would not be like this.
And it would be like a bajillion dollars
and only like the top companies could
use it and they would be using it in the
in the weirdest, most uninteresting
ways.
And I think there's it's there
it's really important that AI was built
in America and in the Silicon Valley
culture that's like we want to make
intelligence too cheap to meter. Like
that's not the default stance.
And um it means that
everyone has this broadly accessible
tool that they can use and I think
that's amazing. It's such a good point
and interestingly it's also created the
most
fastest growing companies in history,
the biggest companies in history. That's
true.
Not the way to
>> Those Silicon Valley guys, they're
they're smart.
If I zoom out on the conversation, it's
really interesting. There's a kind of
these two sides to the coin. One is not
a lot is actually like so much is not
changing. SaaS continues, jobs not
disappearing. We're still emailing each
other. We're still working in Slack.
Like a lot of the work
not changed. On the other hand, every
role transformed. Engineers don't write
code. PMs don't write PRDs. Design and
design, you know, it's like
it's so interesting how much has
changed, how much has not changed. I
don't know.
It's interesting that people think it's
going to be this whole new world, but in
many ways it's okay. It'll continue the
way it is with a lot of stuff around the
edges. That's that's how I feel. Like
I'm simultaneously so excited and it
feels like everything has changed. And
I'm so bullish on it and and the and the
progress that we're going to make and
all that kind of stuff. And yeah, I just
I feel like there are there are these
things where
they're going to be pretty similar to
how they are and that's probably good.
And I think generally our intuitions
about the future
the the model that I have of what our
intuitions are about the future is the
intuitions that people had in the Middle
Ages about like what happened at the end
of the horizon, you know, it's like are
there dragons? Like does it drop off
into nothingness or whatever? You know,
like
a lot of people have a lot of deep
intuition that there's something
terrible going to happen over the
horizon. And also that uh some people
are like there's something incredible.
It's It's to change everything. We're
going to all all going to be happy as a
utopia. And what happens is you get
there and you're like, there's some
really cool things, there's some not
cool things, and it's just another
horizon. And I think that's that's the
way to think about the future. And until
you get to that place where you're
starting to see it, and I think we get
to see it cuz we get to see it
internally all the time,
it's important not to let your
your mind get away from you and being
like, this is going to happen and this
is going to happen and whatever cuz
you're you're going to tell a story that
sounds
sounds so real in the moment, but um
later on you're like, actually it's much
more complex than that and somewhere
it's sort of a both everything has
changed and nothing has. Um and once you
get there, I think you're you're sort of
start starting to see like, oh yeah,
this is a real thing.
Part of it is that the AI companies are
very good at scaring us about what might
might happen in the future. And I think
that's actually shifting. I think that
they've realized maybe we should not
freak everybody out about the dangers.
>> I that PR strategy just does not make
any sense to me. I I do think that it's
like genuine, but it's so ineffective
and um and I I think it's also wrong.
Mhm.
How about we um end with maybe just like
a few things listeners should do
to be successful over the next year with
the the way the world is moving. Write
the models.
I would
uh
try all of your workflows in Codex or
Co-work
and see how that works. And if your
company doesn't let you do it on your
own time, I would try out some of these
um
agent products like Open Claw or Hermes
or um
for less technical people there's
there's like Victor, we have 1 + 1's. I
I would get comfortable with both of
those ways of working.
And try to like
try to have fun. I think there's too
much of
I'm doing this because I have FOMO like
it might I might lose my job or like I
might miss out on this big thing or
whatever and
the best
way to actually figure out interesting
useful things to do with AI is to like
do something enjoyable.
We had a um Nikhil Singhal was on the
podcast and the way he described it is
you got to find your moment of joy with
AI. Once you find like, "Wow, I can't
believe AI did this for me. This is
awesome. I'm going to keep building
stuff." Yeah, I agree.
>> you haven't seen that yet, then it's
just like try find try solving it. The
thing I hear a lot is just find a
problem in your life or work and see if
AI can do it. Go to loveabull, go to
clockcode, go to replit. Try to build
the thing and often it's like, "Holy
[__] this is so cool."
Dan, is there anything else that we
haven't covered? We've gone deep on so
much. Is there anything else you want to
share? Anything else you want to predict
or just say before we get to our very
exciting lightning round?
Uh I think we covered it. We we did a
lot. This is This is awesome and I'm
very excited to see how well or poorly I
do uh in a year and I hope that you hold
me to it.
We're going to We're going to have AI
score us. How about that? We'll Look
look at the world like a dance
prediction series.
Well, with that Dan Shipper, we've
reached our very exciting lightning
round. I've got five questions for you.
Are you ready? I'm ready.
What are two or three books that you
find yourself recommending most to other
people? Um obviously Annie Dillard.
Um
I Everyone at Every has to read The
Writing Life.
Like when you join you get a copy and
you have to read it. Uh you only have to
read the last chapter though. I think
the last chapter is
incredible
and it is at the intersection of
writing, technology, and
the future and it's like it's
relationship to the future and to time
and I think that's like it's it's
everything about every like wrapped up
into like a very tight chapter. It's so
good and I think Annie Dillard just
generally is
fantastic.
What else do I recommend? I'll just I'll
just tell you a couple things that I've
read that I like really liked recently
um and and whenever I like something I
always just like tell everyone about it.
So, um, I have recommended these a lot.
Um,
I I've been I've been reading One of the
things I I learned, which I didn't know,
is Churchill's a really good writer.
And he has a whole history of World War
II that he wrote, and it's like a
combination history and memoir. And I
think that's so cool because he was
there, you know, he did it. And there's
something about what we do at
everywhere. I I feel some like sort of
kinship with that of like we're building
stuff, we're writing stuff, and it's
very rare to find people that also do
that. And and so, Churchill's history of
World War II is fantastic. I just
finished the first volume. I'm on the
second volume. The Nazis just invaded
France. Very It's very captivating
stuff. Um,
so, that's one. I also just I I've been
on a like a little bit of like a quantum
physics like kick recently. AI is very
actually very good for quantum physics
if you get into it. And there's this
book called The Rigor of Angels that I
just finished, which is um,
it's like a it's a history of ideas that
relates uh, Heisenberg,
who has the his uncertainty principle,
um, Borges, who's uh,
uh,
uh, like a uh, uh, Argentinian uh,
fiction writer is wrote a bunch of great
short stories that are actually starting
to get like a lot of play now cuz
they're very AI-related, and um, and
Kant.
And
very cool, like super mind-blowing. Lots
of like interesting overlaps with AI
stuff. And uh,
yeah, highly recommend.
I feel like we could have a whole
podcast episode about your reading and
uh, books you recommend. I know this is
a a passion of yours.
My current obsession is The Power
Broker. I don't I think we talked about
it when I was visiting you. It's just
never ends, but it's uh,
surprisingly compelling to read through
the history of New York.
Okay, second question. Do you What is a
recent movie or show you really see
recently enjoyed if you have time for
TV? So, I've been watching a lot of
basketball, so that's one. Um
I'm I became a Knicks fan like this this
year, so uh that's really fun. But
uh I recently watched this
I guess it's like a it's like a
mini-series documentary called The Dark
Wizard about this guy Dean Potter who he
was like Alex Honnold before Alex
Honnold was Alex Honnold.
And
uh he just has this like very extreme
personality where he's like free soloing
everything and then he's like, you know,
base jumping in in like a wingsuit and
stuff like that and it's sort of
exploring
his psychology and what happened to him
and um I I don't know. I I kind of like
stuff like that. Like there's another
one called 100 Foot Wave where it's like
about people who are trying to like big
wave surfers. There's something about
that that's sort of I guess it just
reminds me of founders or whatever, but
um The Dark Wizard, highly recommend. Is
there a product you recently discovered
that you really love? Codex.
It's like it's the best It's really
good.
It's really good. Do you have a favorite
life motto that you often come back to
in work or in life? Yes, I have several.
Um the the like the core one that I
wrote for myself in college was um do
things worth writing about and write
things worth reading.
And
uh and then there's there's this guy Rob
Brezsny who's like very um
very popular in like you know, the the
AI meditation like overlap discourse,
which is also a big thing.
Um and who I also I really like him.
He's dead, but
I think he's amazing.
And
I listened to like so many of his talks
and there's like this one talk that he
gives
where it's just like one sentence, but
he just talks about like when you're
dealing with stuff that's hard, what you
want to do is be able to
relate to it from a
position of spaciousness and strength.
And
there is something I think really
interesting and important in that. Like
a lot of the meditation discourse or
just generally like how do you deal with
hard things? It's like a little bit more
of like the David Goggins like you just
got to like
just got to like go for it kind of and
like just um
and sometimes that sometimes that can
work.
And also I think sometimes when you're
dealing with things so for example when
you're dealing with I'm super afraid of
like how AI is going to um
um
you know, change my job.
It is it has been very helpful for me to
be like
am I
coming at this from a vantage point of
spaciousness and strength and if not can
I like get there? Because it will be
much more productive for me to deal with
it from that place.
And that has been very very helpful for
me.
Wow.
I love that.
Well, our final question uh just on the
on the theme of this conversation.
Curious if there's just like
an AI tool that you think is still kind
of underrated that you're just like
recently uh I mean
>> are sleeping on. I I I I
>> Codex. I hate to say this but I have to
because like any anyone who knows me
like we were at this this conference
recently at at an Anthropic conference
and I'm like telling like Boris and Kat
from Claude Code like you have to try
Codex. And
um it's it's just really good and the
things that you can do with it are so
different.
Um
uh especially if you're using it with
the Anthropic browser to do things like
your emails or check your check
analytics or like anything like that. Um
it it has completely transformed the way
I work and I would be doing you a
disservice if I like was searching for
something else because it is that good.
Damn, that's wild. Uh do you feel like
Anthropic can catch up and or is this
just like well No, yes, I think I think
they can. I I like like I said, I think
it's going to be a horse race and
and different people will be ahead at
different
at different times, but I think right
now Open AI has like has has gotten back
the mandate of heaven a little bit. It's
been It was a rough couple a couple
months, like 6 months or so, but I think
they're back. Interesting. And and you'd
switch if one became more
>> I would. I would. People People It's
funny. People are like, "Oh, are you
like sponsored by Open AI?" And I'm
like, "No, I just like talk about what I
like." I was super loud about Claude
Code when that was the thing I really
liked. And I'll just say what I like
when when it happens, you know? And to
your point, people like there's a lot of
value in using both for different
things. So people There is. I I switch
back and forth. Like I I truly do still
use Claude a lot. Yeah.
Such a big market.
Well, Dan, we did it. We We went through
so much. I can't wait to revisit this in
a year
get this out so people can start
planning for this next year.
Um two final questions. Where can folks
find you and every what should people
know and then how can listeners be
useful to you?
You can find me on X at Dan Shipper, s h
i p p e r, and you can subscribe to
every. Please subscribe to every,
every.to.
every.to/subscribe.
How can listeners be useful?
You know, have fun with AI. Like
seriously, it's it's super fun. There's
like a lot of It's not necessarily
useful to me, but like it's
it makes it I think it makes everything
better when people put their hands in it
and just like start figuring it out
together rather than like arguing about
it. And so the most useful thing you can
do is like find ways to use it well in
your life and share it. Dan, thank you
so much for being here.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennyspodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.